this website utilizes composure php mailer, ezyang and twig.
It is currently still under development but is currently primarily based on php.
The website utilizes microsoft sql server or t-sql.

A bit about Questionnaire.
The php side to the website is fully functional but there is still more to add. Currently, basically no css has been added and the HTML isn't up to scratch. No javascript has been added. I work alone and these things take time.
I segmented the question tables into thirty tables to speed search times. It adds the table number to the string with preg_replace in order to sanitize the code from sql injection. I believe it to be secure as it seems MSSQL server doesn't accept
escape characters.

The websites functionality includes; a library whereby pdf, doc, and docx files can be uploaded and displayed, and random maths questions, which include addition, multiplication, subtraction, and division. It has administrative functionality to upload values such as classes, subjects, and multiple choice questions and upload to the library as well as delete from the library. It includes a front page for subjects which can contain 10 links to youtube in order to gain an understanding of the subject matter and a descriptive text which allows the student to know which documents to read in order to understand the questions, and a multiple choice questionnaire which is unique to each subject.
The library’s functionality works via two ways. When not in a class the library defaults to displaying all books. When in a class the books are restricted to displaying only the classes books in order to make the documents easier to find.
The maths portion creates number of a length put in by the student; however, if the number is too long the answer on the next page converts into a power number as a calculator would. For lesser equations it works perfectly and displays the correct answer in full form. It also tells you whether you got the answer right. It will also let the student know how many answers they got right and wrong in a running total. It allows decimal points to be added and randomly makes numbers negative if the student chooses. I envision it will be a great help in learning times tables.
The questionnaire displays multiple choice questions. For each question there can be multiple results or different questions which display randomly to keep it interesting for the student and keep the student from remembering the placement of the answer instead of working it out via knowledge. The number of questions displayed per page can be set. There can be up to eight possible answers; although if you don’t fill a possible answer or its hint as well as its reply, it isn’t shown, so the administrator chooses how many possible answers are in the displayed question. The groups of questions are displayed in sequence not randomly. Again, only the individual question with its multiple versions are displayed individually by random nature. The questions disappear when they have been gotten right enough times. The number of times before removal is set by the administrator.
The administrative functions allow the administrator to update questions, add questions, create classes and subjects as well as rename them. Take a class down while editing it or make it live. It also allows the creation of administrators.
Currently the prototype doesn’t have the capability to record stats when a questionnaire is filled, but will at least tell the user how many questions they got right and wrong. If wanted I can add this functionality of recording results, but it will take more time.
The questionnaire should be used via telling the student why they were wrong and why they were right in the reply to the answer given. The hint is used to remind the student but can also be used to mislead if wanted.
The down side is that the questionnaire must be filled with results and the documents must be uploaded to the library. This will take time. That said, if you crowd source to as many teachers as are willing to take up the task of creating questions and making a class list with subject lists, individually each teacher wouldn’t take too long out of his week to create a few questions.
